Add note about PluralRules API requirement to readme (#45)
Shopify/i18next-shopify: README.md

### Configure i18next to use this plugin

> ```js
> // Note: The `Intl.PluralRules` API is required for this plugin's plural handling.
> //   If your target environments do not support this API, you may need to polyfill it.
> //   This plugin's plural handling is not compatible with i18next's fallback
> //   to JSON format v3 plural handling.

Reviewer: The below styling should produce a "Warning" dialogue with an emoji, I haven't tested it though.

````suggestion
> **Warning**
> The [`Intl.PluralRules` API](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/PluralRules) is required for this plugin's plural handling.
> If your target environments do not support this API, you may need to [polyfill](https://github.com/eemeli/intl-pluralrules) it.
> This plugin's plural handling is not compatible with i18next's fallback to JSON format v3 plural handling.

```js
````

Author: Oh, I see. You moved it out of the comment... Anyways, it works great!
